welcome to the man of recaps this is the
mandalorian season two episode four
we begin with the razor crest still in
bad shape after having been repaired
poorly mendo's in full dad mode now
having baby yoda in there
trying to fix the ship plug the red wire
into where the blue wire was but don't
let them touch ho
mendel figures it's time to visit a real
repair shop back on the main planet of
navarro yes it's our old friends carl
weathers and cara dune car dunes been
cleaning up this town as the marshall
which is hilariously what the guy in
episode one was called too
she's taking out all these bad guys no
gun necessary until the very end this
was a rough bounty hunters town then an
imperial stronghold but now it's a real
nice happy place in fact they've turned
the imperial guy's hideout into a school
oh baby yoda's going to class
fabiota wants some of those macaroons
and this kid's got iron willpower to say
no so baby ota pulls out some force
power to
oh snatches them up on to business
though mando can't just get repairs and
continue on with his main mission carl
weathers of course has a side quest for
him they've made this planet real safe
except over on the other side there is
an imperial base that has not yet been
abandoned they want mando's help to blow
it up real quick so the planet's free
and clear by the way we've got a
returning character it's the funny blue
fish alien mando's first mark in season
one he's carl weather's accountant and
is generally funny so they get to the
imperial base which apparently just has
a skeleton crew but it seems like
there's a lot more stormtroopers here
than there should be they make it to the
reactor and force funny bluefish guy to
turn it off so this place will blow
on the way out though they pass these
creepy science tanks with experiments
inside
yeah this isn't some random outposts
it's a secret science lab in fact they
find a message from the scientist guy
who had baby yoda in season one
we get the gist of what they wanted with
baby yoda and it is exactly what you'd
expect they're trying to take his force
powers and put it into new hosts also
this transmission was recent to moff
gideon who mando thought was dead
now they know he's still alive so
there's a lot of stormtrooper blasting
as they bust out of there mando takes
his jet pack
whoa takes these guys out the rest of
the gang's pinned down but kara doom
jumps in this hover tank thing you know
they're going off the edge
yeah so cool stormtroopers are coming
after them on speeders it's tough
mountain biking two of them crash right
away but then it's an epic chase scene
they smash one into the wall then this
one's about to be a hero and take them
all out but
karl weathers gets him first but they're
not out of the woods yet it's tie
fighter time
pew pew pew lasers yeah they're hard to
hit oh it's looking bleak
but pew pew who's coming to save him
it's the fully repaired razor crest oh
yeah
yeah the razor crest is burning like a
kitten again mando with the ace pilot
moves baby yoda along for the ride yeah
he's spinning and boom
tie fighter's destroyed baby oda how you
doing back there oh barfs up a little
macaroon
i can't even amanda's not sticking
around to celebrate he figures he better
get back on the main story before he's
distracted by another side quest now
afterwards grief cargo's making a report
to our same x-wing pilot from before now
the new republic's a good government
based in the core systems but out here
on the outer rim they'd rather rule
themselves then this guy talks to cara
dune who of course was a real great
soldier in the rebellion it's like hey
why don't you join up the new republic
army but she's like nah i'd rather do
things my own way we learned that her
home planet was alderaan of course the
one blown up by the death star
it's like hey you lose anyone there and
she's like uh yeah bro i lost everyone
he leaves her a new republic badge in
case she changes her mind but for now
she ignores it but now out in space it's
the classic star destroyer underbelly
shot
turns out one of the mechanics who
worked on mando's ship is an imperial
spy
yeah he planted the tracker bug on
mando's ship and now moff gideon knows
where he is
it seems he's building an army of new
war droids what's that about
find out next time on the mandalorian
if you like this recap hit that
subscribe button for more of the best
recaps of tv and movies and if you'd
love this recap check out the join
button and support the channel as a
member